At Ready Tensor, we take your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn how we treat your personal data. By using or accessing our Platform in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use and share your information as described in this Privacy Policy.

Remember that your use of Ready Tensor's Platform is at all times subject to either our Terms of Service Policy which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the applicable Terms of Use.

Privacy Policy Table of contents
What this Privacy Policy Covers
What this Privacy Policy Covers
Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Data
Tracking Tools and Opt-Out
Data Security and Retention
Personal Data of Children
California Resident Rights
Other State Law Privacy Right
European Union and United Kingdom Data Subject Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Information
1. What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you access or use our Platform. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don't own or control or people we don't manage. If you are the customer of a company that uses Ready Tensor as a service provider that handles Personal Data, please view that company's privacy policy for more information about the processing of that data.

2. Personal data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
Profile or Contact Data

First and last name
Email
Account name and passwords
Payment Data

Payment card type
Credit or debit card number
Billing address
Payment processor only (Third Parties With Whom We Share this)
Commercial Data
Purchase history
Consumer profiles
Web Analytics

Web page interactions
Referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Platform
Non-identifiable request IDs
Statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Platform
Professional or Employment-Related Data

Job history
Job title
AI experience
Non-Public Education Data

Educational History
Geolocation Data

IP-address-based location information
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you from the following categories of sources

You

When you provide such information directly to us.
When you create an account or use our interactive tools and Platform.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Platform or through responses to surveys or questionnaires.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
When you use the Platform and such information is collected automatically.
If you use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location.
If you download and install certain applications and software we make available, we may receive and collect information transmitted from your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant Platform, such as information regarding when you are logged on and available to receive updates or alert notices.
Third Parties

Vendors
We may use analytics providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Platform, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Platform

Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Processing orders or other transactions; billing.
Providing you with the products, Platform or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Platform.
Improving the Platform, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Platform, website content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
Marketing the Platform

Marketing and selling the Platform.
Corresponding with You

Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Ready Tensor or the Platform.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences or that display content that we think will interest you.
Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms

Fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Ready Tensor or another party.
Enforcing any agreements with you.
Responding to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights.
Resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.

4. How We Share Your Personal Data
We disclose your Personal Data to the categories of service providers and other parties listed in this section. Depending on state laws that may be applicable to you, some of these disclosures may constitute a “sale” of your Personal Data. For more information, please refer to the state-specific sections below.

Service Providers. These parties help us provide the Platform or perform business functions on our behalf. They include

Payment processors: Our payment processing partners include Stripe and Paypal.
Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms” in the “Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data” section above.

Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part). Should one of these events occur, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your information becomes subject to different privacy and security policies and practices.

Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Platform and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.

5. Tracking Tools and Opt-Out
The Platform use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use our Platform, analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Platform. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access our Platform. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Platform do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time.

We use the following types of Cookies:

Essential Cookies. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or Platform that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Platform. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and Platform unavailable.
Functional Cookies. Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Platform, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Platform. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Cookies. Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Platform. They do this by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Platform, what pages visitors view on our Platform and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Platform. Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Platform' content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, we use cookies from Google for these purposes.
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser's settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your device. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some of the Platform and functionalities may not work.

To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser's menu. To find out more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

6. Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and other data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing data is completely secure.We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Platform. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.

7. Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Customer Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 18 years of age; if you are a child under the age of 18, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Platform or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 18 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 18 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at support@readytensor.com.

8. California Resident Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the rights set forth in this section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. Please note that we may process Personal Data of our customers' end users or employees in connection with our provision of certain Platform to our customers. If we are processing your Personal Data as a service provider, you should contact the entity that collected your Personal Data in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data.

If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at support@readytensor.com.

Access
You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. In response, we will provide you with the following information

The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
If we have disclosed your Personal Data to any third parties for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient. If we have sold your Personal Data over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data sold to each category of third party recipient.

Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Platform or complete a transaction or other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.

Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you or your Authorized Agent (defined below) must send us a request that (1) provides email address, username, and password (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.

We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.

You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:

Email us at: support@readytensor.com
You may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request on your behalf.

Personal Data Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In
We will not sell your Personal Data, and have not done so over the last 12 months. To our knowledge, we do not sell the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age.

We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer different tiers of our Platform as allowed by applicable data privacy laws (including the CCPA) with varying prices, rates or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.

9. Other State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at support@readytensor.com.

Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at support@readytensor.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account.

10. European Union and United Kingdom Data Subject Rights
EU and UK Residents
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom (“UK”), Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU or UK General Data Protection Regulation (the (“GDPR”)) with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below.

For this section, we use the terms “Personal Data” and “processing” as they are defined in the GDPR, but “Personal Data” generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and “processing” generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure. Ready Tensor will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Platform.

If there are any conflicts between this this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at support@readytensor.com.

Personal Data We Collect
The “Categories of Personal Data We Collect” section above details the Personal Data that we collect from you.

Personal Data Use and Processing Grounds
The “Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data” section above explains how we use your Personal Data.

We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.

Contractual Necessity. We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Customer Terms and Conditions with you, which enables us to provide you with the Platform. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Platform that require such data
Profile or contact data
Payment data
Geo-location data
Legitimate Interest. We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties
Profile or contact data
Geo-location data
Commercial data
Employment and education data
Web analytics data
We may also de-identify or anonymize Personal Data to further our legitimate interests.
Examples of these legitimate interests include (as described in more detail above)

Providing, customizing and improving the Platform.
Marketing the Platform.
Corresponding with you.
Meeting legal requirements and enforcing legal terms.
Completing corporate transactions.
Consent: In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Sharing Personal Data
The “How We Share Your Personal Data” section above details how we share your Personal Data with third parties.

EU Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email us at support@readytensor.com or exercise these rights in your Account settings. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.

Access. You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data.
Rectification. If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data.
Erasure. You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent. If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Platform.
Portability. You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection. You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing. You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint about Ready Tensor's practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
Transfers of Personal Data
The Platform are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Ready Tensor and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Platform, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Ready Tensor in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Ready Tensor to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries. You hereby consent to the transfer of your data to the U.S. pursuant to (i) a data processing agreement incorporating standard data protection clauses, (ii) binding corporate rules for data protection that align with the GDPR's requirements, or (iii) adherence to an industry- or technology-specific approved code of conduct blessed by the European Commission.

11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We're constantly trying to improve our Platform, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, but we will alert you to any such changes by placing a notice on the Ready Tensor website, by sending you an email and/or by some other means. Please note that if you've opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven't provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Platform, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Platform after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.

12. Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:

support@readytensor.com